README.md, before:

# Mmiri anyi

Mmiri anyi is a comprehensive water management and monitoring system built with Next.js. The application provides real-time water quality monitoring, usage tracking, and intelligent alerts to help protect and manage water resources effectively.

## 🌊 Features

- **Real-time Water Quality Monitoring** - Track pH, turbidity, dissolved oxygen, and other key water quality parameters
- **Usage Analytics** - Monitor water consumption patterns and identify optimization opportunities
- **Smart Alerts** - Receive notifications for water quality issues, unusual usage patterns, or system anomalies
- **Historical Data Analysis** - View trends and generate reports on water quality and usage over time
- **Multi-location Support** - Manage multiple water sources and monitoring points
- **Dashboard & Visualization** - Interactive charts and graphs for easy data interpretation
- **Mobile Responsive** - Access your water data from any device

## 🏗️ Architecture

**Frontend**: Next.js with React 19 and Tailwind CSS
**Backend**: Next.js API Routes
**Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
**Fonts**: Geist Sans and Geist Mono

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm, yarn, pnpm, or bun

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd mmiri-anyi
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the application.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
mmiri-anyi/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── api/               # API routes (backend)
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   ├── dashboard/         # Dashboard pages
│   ├── monitoring/        # Water monitoring pages
│   ├── analytics/         # Analytics and reports
│   ├── globals.css        # Global styles
│   ├── layout.js          # Root layout
│   └── page.js            # Home page
├── public/                # Static assets
├── lib/                   # Utility functions and configurations
└── README.md
```

## 🔧 API Endpoints

The backend API is built using Next.js API Routes and provides the following endpoints:

- `GET /api/water-quality` - Retrieve water quality data
- `POST /api/water-quality` - Submit new water quality readings
- `GET /api/usage` - Get water usage statistics
- `GET /api/alerts` - Fetch active alerts and notifications
- `POST /api/alerts` - Create new alerts
- `GET /api/locations` - List all monitoring locations
- `POST /api/locations` - Add new monitoring location

## 🎨 Styling

This project uses Tailwind CSS v4 for styling with a custom design system:

- **Colors**: Custom color palette optimized for water-themed UI
- **Typography**: Geist font family for modern, clean text
- **Components**: Responsive design components for data visualization
- **Dark Mode**: Built-in dark mode support

## 📊 Data Visualization

Mmiri anyi includes interactive charts and graphs for:
- Water quality trends over time
- Usage patterns and consumption analytics
- Alert frequency and response times
- Multi-location comparison views

## 🔒 Security

- Input validation and sanitization
- Rate limiting on API endpoints
- Secure data transmission
- Environment variable configuration for sensitive data

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

The easiest way to deploy Mmiri anyi is using the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme):

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Configure environment variables
4. Deploy with automatic CI/CD

### Other Platforms

Mmiri anyi can be deployed on any platform that supports Next.js:
- Netlify
- AWS Amplify
- Railway
- DigitalOcean App Platform

Refer to the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for detailed instructions.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For support and questions:
- Create an issue in the GitHub repository
- Check the documentation
- Contact the development team

## 🔗 Resources

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [React Documentation](https://react.dev)
- [Water Quality Standards](https://www.epa.gov/ground-water-and-drinking-water)

Commit message:

feat: rebrand from mmiri-anyi to communifi and add issue section
Update project name, metadata, logos, and branding throughout the application
Add new IssueSection component for reporting multiple civic issues
Update email templates and documentation to reflect new branding

README.md, after:

# Communifi

Communifi is a comprehensive water management and monitoring system built with Next.js. The application provides real-time water quality monitoring, usage tracking, and intelligent alerts to help protect and manage water resources effectively.

## 🌊 Features

- **Real-time Water Quality Monitoring** - Track pH, turbidity, dissolved oxygen, and other key water quality parameters
- **Usage Analytics** - Monitor water consumption patterns and identify optimization opportunities
- **Smart Alerts** - Receive notifications for water quality issues, unusual usage patterns, or system anomalies
- **Historical Data Analysis** - View trends and generate reports on water quality and usage over time
- **Multi-location Support** - Manage multiple water sources and monitoring points
- **Dashboard & Visualization** - Interactive charts and graphs for easy data interpretation
- **Mobile Responsive** - Access your water data from any device

## 🏗️ Architecture

**Frontend**: Next.js with React 19 and Tailwind CSS
**Backend**: Next.js API Routes
**Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
**Fonts**: Geist Sans and Geist Mono

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm, yarn, pnpm, or bun

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd communifi
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the application.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
communifi/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── api/               # API routes (backend)
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   ├── dashboard/         # Dashboard pages
│   ├── monitoring/        # Water monitoring pages
│   ├── analytics/         # Analytics and reports
│   ├── globals.css        # Global styles
│   ├── layout.js          # Root layout
│   └── page.js            # Home page
├── public/                # Static assets
├── lib/                   # Utility functions and configurations
└── README.md
```

## 🔧 API Endpoints

The backend API is built using Next.js API Routes and provides the following endpoints:

- `GET /api/water-quality` - Retrieve water quality data
- `POST /api/water-quality` - Submit new water quality readings
- `GET /api/usage` - Get water usage statistics
- `GET /api/alerts` - Fetch active alerts and notifications
- `POST /api/alerts` - Create new alerts
- `GET /api/locations` - List all monitoring locations
- `POST /api/locations` - Add new monitoring location

## 🎨 Styling

This project uses Tailwind CSS v4 for styling with a custom design system:

- **Colors**: Custom color palette optimized for water-themed UI
- **Typography**: Geist font family for modern, clean text
- **Components**: Responsive design components for data visualization
- **Dark Mode**: Built-in dark mode support

## 📊 Data Visualization

Communifi includes interactive charts and graphs for:
- Water quality trends over time
- Usage patterns and consumption analytics
- Alert frequency and response times
- Multi-location comparison views

## 🔒 Security

- Input validation and sanitization
- Rate limiting on API endpoints
- Secure data transmission
- Environment variable configuration for sensitive data

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

The easiest way to deploy Communifi is using the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme):

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Configure environment variables
4. Deploy with automatic CI/CD

### Other Platforms

Communifi can be deployed on any platform that supports Next.js:
- Netlify
- AWS Amplify
- Railway
- DigitalOcean App Platform

Refer to the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for detailed instructions.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For support and questions:
- Create an issue in the GitHub repository
- Check the documentation
- Contact the development team

## 🔗 Resources

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [React Documentation](https://react.dev)
- [Water Quality Standards](https://www.epa.gov/ground-water-and-drinking-water)
